feat(plugin) merge statsd-advanced into statsd (#4085)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/statsd/_index.md

      required: true
      default: All metrics are logged
      datatype: Array of record elements
      description: |

>         List of Metrics to be logged. Available values are described under [Metrics](#metrics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        List of metrics to be logged. Available values are described under [Metrics](#metrics).
```

    - name: prefix
      required: true
      default: '`kong`'
      datatype: string
      description: String to prefix to each metric's name.
    - name: hostname_in_prefix
      required: true
      default: '`false`'
      datatype: boolean
      description: Include the `hostname` in the `prefix` for each metric name.
    - name: udp_packet_size
      required: true
      default: '`0` (not combined)'
      datatype: number
      description: |
        Combine UDP packet up to the size configured. If zero (0), don't combine the
        UDP packet. Must be a number between 0 and 65507 (inclusive).
    - name: use_tcp
      required: true
      default: '`false`'
      datatype: boolean
      description: Use TCP instead of UDP.
    - name: allow_status_codes
      required: true
      default: All responses are passed to log metrics
      value_in_examples:
        - 200-205
        - 400-499
      datatype: array of string elements
      description: List of status code ranges that are allowed to be logged in metrics.
    - name: consumer_identifier_default
      required: true
      default: 'custom_id'
      datatype: string

>       description: The default consumer identifier of metrics. This will take effect when a metric's consumer identifier is omitted. Allowed values are `custom_id`, `consumer_id`, `username`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: The default consumer identifier of metrics. This takes effect when a metric's consumer identifier is omitted. Allowed values are `custom_id`, `consumer_id`, `username`.
```

    - name: service_identifier_default
      required: true
      default: 'service_name_or_host' 
      datatype: string

>       description: The default service identifier of metrics. This will take effect when a metric's service identifier is omitted. Allowed values are `service_name_or_host`, `service_id`, `service_name`, `service_host`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: The default service identifier of metrics. This takes effect when a metric's service identifier is omitted. Allowed values are `service_name_or_host`, `service_id`, `service_name`, `service_host`.
```

    - name: workspace_identifier_default
      required: true
      default: 'workspace_id' 
      datatype: string

>       description: The default workspace identifier of metrics. This will take effect when a metric's workspace identifier is omitted. Allowed values are `workspace_id`, `workspace_name`.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: The default workspace identifier of metrics. This takes effect when a metric's workspace identifier is omitted. Allowed values are `workspace_id`, `workspace_name`.   
```

    - name: service_prefix_in_metric
      required: false
      default: false 
      datatype: boolean

>       description: Indicate whether to add "servcie." prefix before \<service_identifier> in metric name. For example, if set to `true`, then `kong.<service_identifier>.request.count` will be `kong.service.<service_identifier>.request.count`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: | 
      Indicate whether to add `service.` prefix before `<service_identifier>` in metric name. 
      
      For example, if set to `true`, then `kong.<service_identifier>.request.count` will be `kong.service.<service_identifier>.request.count`.
```

  extra: |
    By default, the plugin sends a packet for each metric it observes. The `udp_packet_size` option
    configures the greatest datagram size the plugin can combine. It should be less than

>     65507 according to UDP protocol. Please consider the MTU of the network when setting this parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    65507 according to UDP protocol. Consider the MTU of the network when setting this parameter.
```

---

## Metrics

Metric                     | Description | Namespace
---                        | ---         | ---

> `request_count`            | the request count | kong.\<service_identifier>.request.count

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`request_count`            | The number of requests. | `kong.<service_identifier>.request.count`
```

> `request_size`             | the request's body size in bytes | kong.\<service_identifier>.request.size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`request_size`             | The request's body size in bytes. | `kong.<service_identifier>.request.size`
```

> `response_size`            | the response's body size in bytes | kong.\<service_identifier>.response.size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`response_size`            | The response's body size in bytes. | `kong.<service_identifier>.response.size`
```

> `latency`                  | the time interval in milliseconds between the request and response | kong.\<service_identifier>.latency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`latency`                  | The time interval in milliseconds between the request and response. | `kong.<service_identifier>.latency`
```

> `status_count`             | tracks each status code returned in a response | kong.\<service_identifier>.request.status.\<status>.count and kong.\<service_name>.request.status.\<status>.total

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`status_count`             | Tracks each status code returned in a response. | `kong.<service_identifier>.request.status.<status>.count` and `kong.<service_name>.request.status.<status>.total`
```

> `unique_users`             | tracks unique users who made a requests to the underlying Service/Route | kong.\<service_identifier>.user.uniques

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`unique_users`             | Tracks unique users who made requests to the underlying Service or Route. | `kong.<service_identifier>.user.uniques`
```

> `request_per_user`         | tracks the request count per Consumer | kong.\<service_identifier>.user.\<consumer_identifier>.request.count

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`request_per_user`         | Tracks the request count per Consumer. | `kong.<service_identifier>.user.<consumer_identifier>.request.count`
```

> `upstream_latency`         | tracks the time in milliseconds it took for the final Service to process the request | kong.\<service_identifier>.upstream_latency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`upstream_latency`         | Tracks the time in milliseconds it took for the final Service to process the request. | `kong.<service_identifier>.upstream_latency`
```

> `kong_latency`             | tracks the internal Kong latency in milliseconds that it took to run all the Plugins | kong.\<service_identifier>.kong_latency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`kong_latency`             | Tracks the internal Kong latency in milliseconds that it took to run all the plugins. | `kong.<service_identifier>.kong_latency`
```

> `status_count_per_user`    | tracks the status code for per Consumer per Service | kong.\<service_identifier>.user.\<consumer_identifier>.request.status.\<status> and kong.\<service_identifier>.user.\<consumer_identifier>.request.status.total

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`status_count_per_user`    | Tracks the status code for per Consumer per Service. | `kong.<service_identifier>.user.<consumer_identifier>.request.status.<status>` and `kong.<service_identifier>.user.<consumer_identifier>.request.status.total`
```

> `status_count_per_workspace`         | the status code per Workspace | kong.\<service_identifier>.workspace.\<workspace_identifier>.status.\<status>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`status_count_per_workspace`         | The status code per workspace. | `kong.<service_identifier>.workspace.<workspace_identifier>.status.<status>`
```

> `status_count_per_user_per_route`    | the status code per Consumer per Route | kong.route.\<route_id>.user.\<consumer_identifier>.status.\<status>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`status_count_per_user_per_route`    | The status code per Consumer per Route. | `kong.route.<route_id>.user.<consumer_identifier>.status.<status>`
```

> `shdict_usage`             | the usage of shared dict, sent once every minute |kong.node.\<node_hostname>.shdict.\<shdict_name>.free_space and kong.node.\<node_hostname>.shdict.\<shdict_name>.capacity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`shdict_usage`             | The usage of shared dict, sent once every minute. | `kong.node.<node_hostname>.shdict.<shdict_name>.free_space` and `kong.node.<node_hostname>.shdict.<shdict_name>.capacity`
```

> If a request URI doesn't match any Routes, the following metrics will be sent instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a request URI doesn't match any Routes, the following metrics are sent instead:
```

Metric                     | Description | Namespace
---                        | ---         | ---

> `request_count`            | the request count | kong.global.unmatched.request.count

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`request_count`            | The request count. | `kong.global.unmatched.request.count`
```

> `request_size`             | the request's body size in bytes | kong.global.unmatched.request.size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`request_size`             | The request's body size in bytes. | `kong.global.unmatched.request.size`
```

> `response_size`            | the response's body size in bytes | kong.global.unmatched.response.size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`response_size`            | The response's body size in bytes. | `kong.global.unmatched.response.size`
```

> `latency`                  | the time interval between the request started and response received from the upstream server | kong.global.unmatched.latency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`latency`                  | The time interval between when the request started and when the response is received from the upstream server. | `kong.global.unmatched.latency`
```

> `status_count`             | the status count | kong.global.unmatched.status.\<status>.count

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`status_count`             | The status count. | `kong.global.unmatched.status.<status>.count`
```

> `kong_latency`             | the internal Kong latency in milliseconds that it took to run all the plugins | kong.global.unmatched.kong_latency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`kong_latency`             | The internal Kong latency in milliseconds that it took to run all the plugins. | `kong.global.unmatched.kong_latency`
```

### Metric Fields

The plugin can be configured with any combination of [Metrics](#metrics), with each entry containing the following fields:

> Field         | Description                                             | Datatype | Allowed values
> ---           | ---                                                     | ---        ---
> `name`          | StatsD metric's name. Required.                       | String   | [Metrics](#metrics)          
> `stat_type`     | Determines what sort of event a metric represents. Required.  | String   | `gauge`, `timer`, `counter`, `histogram`, `meter` and `set`|
> `sample_rate`<br>*conditional*   | Sampling rate. Required.              | Number        | `number`                 
> `consumer_identifier`<br>*conditional* | Authenticated user detail.  | String   | One of the following options: `consumer_id`, `custom_id`, `username`, `null`
> `service_identifier`<br>*conditional* | Service detail.  | String   |  One of the following options: `service_id`, `service_name`, `service_host`, `service_name_or_host`, `null`
> `workspace_identifier`<br>*conditional* | Workspace detail.  | String | One of the following options:`workspace_id`, `workspace_name`, `null`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Field         | Description                                             | Datatype | Allowed values
---           | ---                                                     | ---        ---
`name` <br>*required*         | StatsD metric's name.                      | String   | [Metrics](#metrics)          
`stat_type`  <br>*required*     | Determines what sort of event a metric represents.  | String   | `gauge`, `timer`, `counter`, `histogram`, `meter` and `set`|
`sample_rate`<br>*required* <br>*conditional*   | Sampling rate.              | Number        | `number`                 
`consumer_identifier`<br>*conditional* | Authenticated user detail.  | String   | One of the following options: `consumer_id`, `custom_id`, `username`, `null`
`service_identifier`<br>*conditional* | Service detail.  | String   |  One of the following options: `service_id`, `service_name`, `service_host`, `service_name_or_host`, `null`
`workspace_identifier`<br>*conditional* | Workspace detail.  | String | One of the following options:`workspace_id`, `workspace_name`, `null`
```

> ### Metric Behaviors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Metric behaviors
```

        - 400-499
      datatype: array of string elements
      description: List of status code ranges that are allowed to be logged in metrics.
    - name: consumer_identifier_default
      required: true
      default: 'custom_id'
      datatype: string
      description: The default consumer identifier of metrics. This takes effect when a metric's consumer identifier is omitted. Allowed values are `custom_id`, `consumer_id`, `username`.
    - name: service_identifier_default
      required: true
      default: 'service_name_or_host' 
      datatype: string
      description: The default service identifier of metrics. This takes effect when a metric's service identifier is omitted. Allowed values are `service_name_or_host`, `service_id`, `service_name`, `service_host`.
    - name: workspace_identifier_default
      required: true
      default: 'workspace_id' 
      datatype: string
      description: The default workspace identifier of metrics. This will take effect when a metric's workspace identifier is omitted. Allowed values are `workspace_id`, `workspace_name`.   
    - name: service_prefix_in_metric
      required: false
      default: false 
      datatype: boolean

>       description: | 
>       Indicate whether to add `service.` prefix before `<service_identifier>` in metric name. 
>       
>       For example, if set to `true`, then `kong.<service_identifier>.request.count` will be `kong.service.<service_identifier>.request.count`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Indicate whether to add `service.` prefix before `<service_identifier>` in metric name. 
          
          For example, if set to `true`, then `kong.<service_identifier>.request.count` will be `kong.service.<service_identifier>.request.count`.
```
Missed an indent, this will fix the failing build.
